Tonight, I'm all alone
Counting on lonely hearts
Reminiscing about our love story
Is there any hope for us?
What do you think?
I told you it'll be fine.
But we shouldn't do it like this,
recording a song without proper lyrics.
Hey.
It's fresh from the oven.
I was involved
in brainstorming the lyrics.
Even the second verse contains
a lot of my ideas.
It's good, right?
But as you know,
we have to submit the song
for mixing by tomorrow.
My heart is shattered
As if run over by a car
A broken car
Now where should I go
To fix my flat tire of hope?
I can't continue singing this.
But we have to submit
the song by tomorrow.
But the lyrics are absurd.
I get the music, but not the lyrics.
Cha, please.
Please try to feel the lyrics more.
The analogy is really good.
No one has ever used
that analogy before, you know.
Then you two, go ahead
and sing this song yourselves.
I can't.
Hold on.
Wait.
Hey, tell me the truth.
The lyrics are awesome, right?
I know it's awesome, right?
Ms. Ocha, are you sure
you can't sing that song?
You heard it yourself, the music is good,
but the lyrics are absurd.
Comparing love to fixing a car,
at the auto repair shop, filling up hope.
What's romantic about that?
I don't want it.
Yeah, it's probably romantic
to a mechanic, Ms. Ocha.
Just stick to driving, Yan!
Then what do we do?
We have to submit the song by tomorrow.
We'd disappoint Mr. Andi
if we sent the song
to Flagship Pictures too late.
What do we do?
Ms. Ocha.
I have one,
if you're looking for a good song.
Play it then.
Wait a minute.
Then I will be fine
Just hoping this hurt will subside
Even though I slowly forget
The sound of your voice that ever existed
When I was fine
It's really good.
The song lyrics are beautiful and rare.
Who wrote this, Yan?
Well, it's my friend's song.
His name is Kawidra.
But…
It's a long story, Ms. Ocha.
So, do you want to help or not?
I have a friend.
Her name is Sekar.
She can tell you more about the song.
Where is she now?
She's at her shop in the BSD area.
Let's just head there now.
BSD is not that far, right?
Okay, miss.
Sekar!
Yandy, what brings you here so late?
It's not me.
Ms. Ocha!
So that's why we're here.
Ms. Ocha wants to use K's song
for her recording sessions tomorrow.
Why don't we just meet the songwriter?
Surely he would let me sing his song?
So, it's like this.
The songwriters are
Kawidra and Clarissa,
better known as K and Cream.
Cream, the lyricist for Rise Records?
Yeah.
The Rise Records?
I'm familiar with them.
Why don't we go meet them now?
K has passed away, Ms. Ocha.
And we don't know where Cream is.
What does that mean?
Yandy and I have known K for a long time.
He told us everything before he died.
ST. WENCESLAUS HIGH SCHOOL
You ran as if chased by a ghost.
Tired?
Here, drink this.
Hey!
Why aren't you two in class?
How dare you smoke in school?
You skipped class
and you even got caught smoking.
What will you be when you grow up?
We are aware that
you recently lost your dad and mom
in a short period of time.
But skipping classes
and smoking at school
are not the answer.
If you need to talk to a counsellor,
the school could assist.
Sir, in my opinion,
before seeing a counselor…
Hey!
You're mad, aren't you?
Yeah. I almost got punished
because of you.
Hey, you're the one
who skipped class, not me.
I knew you wouldn't be punished
because you recently became an orphan.
I just became one too.
Let's grab some chicken noodles.
Come on, it's on me.
You're a penniless orphan, right?
Let's go!
Try it!
These are the best chicken noodles
in the world.
You have to try them.
That's why I brought you here.
Ever since then,
Clarissa has been my one and only friend.
Both at school
and outside.
We both didn't have anyone anymore.
We also have the same hobby.
What did I tell you?
When a popular kid is sad,
a lot of people rush to their side.
They'll offer their sympathy.
But when it's a nobody like us,
nobody cares!
Thankfully you have me.
-Here are some ice creams.
-Yes, sir!
You want it too, right?
No. I don't have money.
Here, take it.
-Thank you!
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Give me the potion.
Wait a minute.
Come on, right now!
Here it is.
Like that.
It takes forever for you
to make that song.
I get the music,
but I'm not good at writing lyrics.
You should've said something.
Here, let me do it!
Can you actually write the lyrics?
Of course!
I write pages of things
in my diary every day.
Writing song lyrics
shouldn't be that hard, it's quite easy.
Do you want to hear how it sounds?
Sure!
Here, it's done.
Take a look.
Do you like it?
Don't you want to be
a professional lyricist?
Let's keep on writing songs together then.
All right.
I'll give it a try.
Sure, let's try.
From now on,
let's capture important moments
in our lives
with this Polaroid camera, okay?
Let's take a picture.
With Clarissa, high school flew by.
It's sad that such a cute dog
has no one to care for it.
If not the young ones
who care and volunteer,
-then who else, right?
-Yeah.
Thank you for helping out again.
I'm going inside.
Okay, doctor.
By the way, what major
are you going to study in college?
I don't really know yet.
Then take the same as me, marketing.
Why should I?
It's cheap.
It's not that hard to pass the classes.
Then we're off to find a job.
Why not skip college
and go straight to work?
You're so stupid!
Nowadays, even college graduates
get paid in chump change.
A high school graduate often earns
below minimum wage.
Today, we will discuss
market segmentation.
Is there anyone here
who can give an example of
what market segmentation is like?
Please raise your hand.
Let's move to the next material.
First point.
Operational management
can be interpreted as
a series of activities that include…
Operational management
can be interpreted as
a series of activities that include…
College tuition is expensive.
We might as well
throw our money down the drain.
Don't be so dramatic.
We're just here to get our degree.
Do you want to work in marketing?
So, don't complain.
Hey, where are we going?
Wait, your birthday was last week.
October 18th.
Yeah.
And your birthday is next week, right?
October 31st.
From now on,
we'll celebrate our birthdays together.
Cost-effective.
Yours gets moved forward a week
and mine is pushed back
to October 25th.
Right in between.
That's not right.
You can't just push your birthday date.
You could shorten your age.
Come on,
you still believe in that kind of stuff.
Do you want to celebrate or not?
All right then.
Do you need help?
Sure!
Let's make a wish together.
Let me cut the cake.
-Two ice creams?
-How much are they?
-It's 20,000.
-20,000.
-Thank you!
-Thank you, sir.
Here, let me open it.
Oh no, it's raining.
Let's go over there.
-Thank you, sir!
-Yes, thank you.
-It's pouring.
-Yeah.
Let's just go to my apartment.
It's not too far from here.
Sure.
Let's go.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Your apartment is so messy.
Well, I have been living alone.
I don't have time to clean up.
There are also
many of my parents' belongings left,
especially my dad's.
Why don't you just throw them away?
Nobody's using them anyway.
Is it still hard to let go?
I have an idea.
This is a two-bedroom apartment, right?
Yeah.
How about I become your roommate?
What do you mean?
I'll stay here.
I know, but…
We've got to be resourceful.
We're living off our savings
and inheritance,
so we need to cut back!
Yeah, but…
I'll sell my family's house
and deposit the money in the bank
when I get the earnings from the sale.
I'll pay you rent every month
so you'll have some extra income.
-But…
-Don't you know the law of economics?
Do you ever listen in class?
You're the one
who always makes me skip class.
Don't you want me to be your roommate?
One more thing.
What else?
Your name sounds odd.
Kawidra.
What is that?
My dad gave me that name.
If I'm not wrong,
it means a man with a sense of art.
Right, the meaning is nice.
But it still sounds bad.
What should we call you then?
Kawi?
Dra?
So weird.
From now on, I'll just call you K.
Kay?
No! Not Kay!
Just the letter "K."
-K?
-Yeah.
The letter "K."
To make it even, I'll change my name too.
From now on, you can call me Cream.
Cream?
-Yeah.
-Why Cream?
Because I love ice cream!
Why not Ice?
K, please!
Doesn't your apartment look nice now?
Our apartment.
If I weren't around,
what would you have become?
Probably dead?
Don't say that!
By the way,
why haven't you made any songs lately?
Why?
I'm an orphan and poor.
I have no connection.
Pursuing a career in music?
It's impossible.
Come on. Even having a dream
is complicated with you.
Not complicated.
It's realistic.
It's hard enough
to make a living on your own.
Let alone dream big like that.
It makes me feel like
an ungrateful person.
Hey, having a dream is free!
Dream as big as you want!
That's fine.
If you don't have the guts,
I'll be a songwriter.
When I make it big,
I will take you with me.
We will write songs together.
Let's take a picture!
All important moments must be captured
with the Polaroid camera.
Why Polaroid?
Because everything in life
goes by so fast,
but memories last forever.
Like this camera.
The process is quick,
but the result lasts forever.
Like our memories.
You're good with words.
I'm pretty sure
you will become a famous songwriter.
Amen.
So what's your take?
Did Taylor Swift's new album move you?
It's quite different
from her previous albums.
The songs in this one are kind of heavy.
But I feel like Swifties
won't mind at all.
So should we go for that?
It seems we're all Swifties.
Okay then.
Yandy, please proceed with the plan.
Sekar.
How are you doing now with your dad?
Well, same old, same old.
He said there's no future
in music in Indonesia.
But I'm still confused.
Why can't he ever understand me?
When I was a kid,
it was actually his vinyl records
that got me into music.
If I may suggest,
try taking him to a concert
of your favorite band.
Or now it's your turn
to bring him to a vinyl shop
and show him the songs you love.
Make him see your world.
Show him that the music business today
is so different from his time.
Nothing is permanent in this world,
so don't regret it later
when they're gone.
Let's grab dinner.
Didn't you say
you have a recording session?
Yes, it's done! The singer's amazing.
Is the singer talented
or are you the talented one?
Both of us.
All right, let me tidy up first.
I thought you were
taking me out for dinner.
Turns out, we're eating
a home-cooked meal.
Hey, this is more cost-effective
than eating out all the time.
It's not like you're loaded.
Still, you said it was dinner.
So you should've made something special.
Not just instant noodles.
This is special, K.
I made it. Isn't it special for you?
It is.
But next time, don't bring up my salary.
Why? Are you offended?
It's a fact that
paychecks at radio stations are small.
You were offered a marketing job
at P&G and you turned it down.
Music is my passion.
I don't want to work in marketing.
But you didn't have the guts
to be a full-time songwriter too.
What do you want then?
I work at a radio station,
and the pay is just enough.
How could I possibly work
just by writing songs?
I did. I made good money
as a lyricist at Rise Records.
They pay me quite well.
Yeah, sure.
Cream, the best lyricist
in Indonesia right now.
Not yet.
But I will be.
I'm so full.
Very confident.
In our industry,
if we don't have the confidence,
those singers would underestimate you.
I can picture it.
You writing lyrics to a legendary song
that becomes an all-time legacy.
I'm still young,
don't get ahead of ourselves
and talk about legacy.
Sounds like you're about to die.
That's not it.
The thing is,
there are a lot of musicians
who died young.
For example, Kurt Cobain.
Janis Joplin.
Tupac.
Wouldn't it be cool?
For me,
living a short life, but making an impact
is way cooler than living to old age
with nothing to show for it.
What are you saying?
Come here!
Don't you dare die young
and leave me all alone.
-It hurts!
-You can't leave me alone!
No, I'm not!
-You can go after I'm gone.
-No…
It's not like we have control
over life and death, Cream.
It hurts!
Would you like it if I did the same thing?
Don't you dare!
Don't leave me alone.
Are you sulking?
It's cancer, isn't it?
Didn't I tell you a long time ago?
You have cancer in your genes.
So you need regular checkups.
When symptoms reach this stage,
it means you're in Stage IV,
the final stage.
It's a rare cancer.
Metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
It has spread
to the soft tissues, forming a sarcoma.
Chemotherapy is unlikely to be effective
for this type of cancer.
But since you're still young,
we should give it a shot.
How long do I have?
In medical terms, probably…
A year.
Hi, may I help you?
Here's the thing, Mr. Aldy.
Turning a new singer into a star
isn't an easy job.
It needs a process.
All right.
How much do you need?
For Momo,
I'll pay whatever it costs.
This is not about money, sir.
We all need a process.
We can't force people
to like a song or a singer.
Look.
If we make a great song,
and we keep airing it
on the radio over and over,
I believe
people will love it anyway.
-But Mr. Aldy…
-Okay.
Mr. Aldy, we can give it a try, okay?
But as I said,
making an album
with Rise Records is not cheap.
I'll pay for everything.
Thank you, darling.
You're the best!
You're ghosting
Your feelings are fake
You're the one
Who flirts with me
You make me can't move on
Really make me can't move on
You make me crazy
Send shivers down my spine
What's wrong?
Calm down, sir.
Why did you stop it?
What happened to the lyrics?
Yeah.
I had to tweak some parts
to fit my personality.
Let me take a look.
Hey, here's the thing.
If you change the lyrics for the better,
then that's fine.
But this is unacceptable.
You turned them into cheesy lyrics.
This is an embarrassment for me!
I'm credited as the lyricist.
What do you mean it's cheesy?
This is what's trending!
You don't know anything
about Gen Z's taste.
Fine, then write your own lyrics
for the entire song.
Don't use my name.
What the hell is this?
I paid a lot of money for this!
Yes, sir. Calm down.
A rookie dared to criticize my lyrics!
Are you playing hide and seek?
Where is Cream?
I can't see her.
I still can see you, Cream.
Hey.
What happened to you?
Tell me what's going on.
What is it?
I got into a fight at the office.
There's this new singer
who ignorantly changed my lyrics.
Momo?
How do you know?
Rizal called me.
He said you just stormed out
of a recording session.
Hey. Come on.
Don't think about that.
Newcomers are always cocky.
They don't understand
how the industry works.
But you have to be careful
with her boyfriend
because they said
her boyfriend is a gangster.
A real gangster?
Just make peace with Momo tomorrow
and write the lyrics together.
I don't want to.
I'm not willing to.
Didn't you say music is your passion?
You're really giving up that easily?
Hug?
I'm so sorry, Cream.
Yeah, me too.
I'm so sorry
for getting emotional yesterday.
No worries. I was being rude.
Oh, yeah. By the way,
I just found out about
the kind of lyrics you wrote
and they're all really good.
I haven't written that many songs.
Yeah, but I like them all.
I could really feel the emotions
in the lyrics. They're so deep.
So that's settled then.
You girls stay at peace.
No more fighting.
It gives me a headache!
Oh, darling.
You're going to experience
blackouts like this more frequently.
You need to be more careful.
But…
I thought you said I have a year?
Are you sure?
Aren't you going to tell her?
Be upfront about your condition.
I can't.
She has been an orphan since high school.
She doesn't have anyone else.
I'm afraid that
if she found out I was dying,
she wouldn't be able to cope.
What if
something bad happens to you?
Then what?
I've thought about that.
Someone has to take care of her
after I'm gone.
What happened to you, K?
I'm fine.
It's just anemia. Right, doctor?
Right.
It's just anemia.
I'll prescribe him some supplements,
and if he eats properly, he'll be fine.
What's the cause of his anemia?
It could be many things,
but he also seems to lack nutrition.
Yeah, lacking nutrition.
That's weird.
I eat what you eat.
How come I didn't get anemia?
Because you always eat my portion.
Don't trust her.
She looks thin, but she eats a lot.
-How dare you!
-It hurts!
-My head hurts!
Here, I bought premium meat for you
so you won't have another anemia episode.
But too much red meat
can be bad for our health.
Gosh, you're such a pain.
What's your biggest wish in life?
I want you to meet a decent man,
get married…
and live happily ever after.
I don't even have a boyfriend.
Then look for one.
Then why don't you marry me?
I said a decent man.
So you're not a decent man?
I mean, I want your future husband
to be the perfect man.
What's the criteria?
He should have a steady job,
and be rich,
so he could give you everything.
He also needs to be healthy
so you both can grow old together.
Where can I find a guy like that?
You will find one.
You're pretty, as long as you stop
being so grumpy all the time.
Here's the meat.
And your spoon.
Let's pray first.
What do you think?
It's a great song, right?
Mr. Aldy.
It's not that I don't want to help,
but being a feature singer
on Enlight Radio is not that easy.
We even had to discuss
before featuring
Taylor Swift's latest album,
so you know it's not that simple.
Well, that's Taylor Swift.
This is a local singer.
You need to support local talent.
How can that be? If not…
My first single is written by Cream.
Surely you can help put this on the radio?
Please, K. Help Momo out, will you?
Okay.
We might be able
to play this single often,
but I can't promise
the whole album for now.
Yes! That's all right, K.
Thank you so much!
The important thing is
to make this single a hit first.
Momo.
Are you and Mr. Aldy serious?
Why all of a sudden?
I'm just curious.
Why? Because he's old?
No! I didn't say that.
Seriously, I'm just curious.
That's really okay.
A lot of people say
Mr. Aldy is old,
but he's really nice.
He truly cares about me and loves me.
He's better than all those young guys.
They're just posers,
cheating every chance they get.
Plus, they're mokondo.
Mokondo? What's that?
Freeloaders.
You know, right?
So it's true what they say,
that you need money to be happy.
Money isn't everything.
But everything needs money.
K is your boyfriend, right?
No, we're just roommates.
Really?
But I could see that
you guys are very close.
Well, of course.
We've been friends since high school.
Haven't you guys ever dated each other?
No.
I'm actually very comfortable with him,
but he never said anything.
I can't be the one
making the first move, right?
Nowadays, it's okay for a girl
to make the first move.
But he asked me
to find a man who's steady.
Who is steady?
I just remembered!
Come with me
to my high school reunion tonight.
This is my friend, Cream.
-Hello, Cream!
-Hi.
How is it?
Is there anyone you like?
Oh, him?
His name is Armand.
You have a sharp eye.
He's very handsome.
He's not just good-looking,
but he's also a dentist.
His dad owned a lot of dental clinics
around Jakarta.
He's perfect for you.
Come on, go for it.
Why are you sitting here all alone?
Yeah. I'm waiting for a friend.
A friend? Where is she?
Well, I don't know why she's not here yet.
What class were you in?
Oh, I'm not an alumnus.
I came here with Momo.
Oh, Monica.
Hey! That's my glass.
It's yours?
That means we indirectly kissed, right?
You're a dentist, aren't you?
I've had a tooth problem for a while.
Could you check it out?
Yeah, sure.
Well, this is my card.
That's my clinic's address.
Okay. I'll come by your clinic tomorrow.
Actually, you need to make
an appointment first!
I think I found it.
Found what?
The perfect candidate as you said.
Who is it?
He's a dentist.
I'll tell you more later.
Please rinse your mouth.
The scaling is done
and the cavities are filled.
Overall, your teeth look good.
We are moving so fast.
The first time we met,
we indirectly kissed.
And now the second time,
you've already checked
the inside of my mouth.
Do you have plans tonight?
Let's get drunk.
So here's the situation, Cream.
I just want you to know
I'm already engaged.
And at the reunion,
I was actually waiting for her.
But she didn't show up.
Engaged, huh?
Let's see the ring.
-Cream!
-Let me borrow it.
I also want an engagement ring.
In high school,
my mom, dad and big sister
went to Bandung.
They had an accident.
They all died on the spot.
Ever since then, I've had no one.
I just really want
to be loved by someone…
Unconditionally.
I'll accompany you tonight, okay?
Come on, Mr. K.
Your radio station doesn't play
Momo's song often enough.
Mr. Aldy,
that's actually a lot for a newcomer.
But I'm sorry.
The traction is not quite good.
Well,
play the second single then.
Come on.
Okay.
I'll help you
if you help me too.
Sure!
That's what I like.
Let's do it.
Tell me.
Whatever it is,
I'll do anything to help you.
Mr. Aldy, could you do
a full background check on someone?
Why do you think
my song has not gone viral?
Be patient. Give it some time to catch on.
Just be patient, Mo.
By the way,
how are things going with Armand?
He's already engaged.
Seriously?
Yeah, actually…
You're in love with K, right?
Why don't you just be frank with him?
If he likes me, then why did he tell me
to go find a husband?
Well, that's true.
Or is it fine, as long as he's happy?
Well, that's not really
the concept of love.
That's not logical.
If love were logical,
then no one would suffer from it.
That would be a great lyric for a song!
Write it down.
Hi, Chester!
Taking Snoopy for a walk?
Yeah, going on a date.
By the way,
how are things going with the dentist?
Well, we still hang out.
Do you really like him?
Aren't you the one who told me
to go find someone like him?
He fits all your criteria, right?
Okay. Well, I'll go take a walk.
Let's go.
All done.
What did I say?
There is nothing that I couldn't do.
Armand Suryadi is a good man.
He has no criminal record.
His dad, Charles Suryadi,
is a rich man.
He has over ten dental clinics
in Jakarta alone.
That's his fiancée,
Vero Solaya.
An up-and-coming photographer in Jakarta.
Wait, so he's engaged?
Calm down.
Without you asking, I also did
a background check on her.
She's a total player.
On Monday, she's with one guy.
On Wednesday, she's with an older man.
Yes, an older man.
Well, it's Vero.
And Armand is unaware of this?
I told you.
Armand is a genuinely nice guy
and Vero's just playing him.
These photos are for me, right?
Of course!
Why would I keep photos like that?
So, it's a deal, right?
Momo's second single
will be played, right?
All right.
Deal!
Armand.
Where's the P&L report for this quarter?
It's not done yet, Dad.
You should step up!
You're the managing director here.
What do you even do?
Stop wasting time with women!
I don't care.
I want the report done today!
Doctor!
Sorry.
But someone came
and asked to give this to Dr. Armand.
-From who?
-He didn't say his name.
Excuse me.
Do you take me for an idiot?
I've already told you.
I need freedom in my profession.
Do you think it's easy
for a young photographer like me
to do a solo exhibition?
I told you I would finance it,
but you refused.
What's so great about having an exhibition
funded by your own boyfriend?
-So you asked that old man to finance you?
-Hey!
He's a filmmaker and I love his work!
Show some respect!
Don't you have a brain?
Don't you have a heart?
Don't you know
that I am not happy?
You don't even know that
our relationship has problems.
And that's the problem.
Okay, all good.
Hey! What is all this?
Stop!
Who are you? You got the wrong person!
You sent this, right? Bastard!
Who are you to try and ruin my life?
Vero!
Who the hell are you? Bastard!
I'm sorry, I can explain all this.
No need!
You are crazy.
Vero!
Are you okay, K?
Are you sure this is a good idea, K?
It is my fault, Yan.
But do you want to go see her again?
I need to apologize.
Vero.
-What else do you want, bastard?
-Calm down.
Please don't hit us again, miss.
I'm here to apologize to you,
since you said yesterday
that I seem to have ruined your life.
Who are you exactly? What do you want?
Well, I'm Kawidra.
And I need your help.
Oh, God.
So I have a best friend
and her name is Cream.
Unfortunately, she has her eyes
on Armand, your fiancé.
At first, I wanted her to back off,
but after seeing those photos,
I thought maybe
you don't love him as much.
So please,
let them be together.
Who are you to tell me what to do?
-Not like that.
-Hey!
Armand is my boyfriend since high school.
Why do I have to give him up
for your girlfriend?
I'm dying, Vero.
Wait, what do you mean?
I have less than a year to live.
I have pancreatic cancer, Stage IV.
This is the diagnosis.
So, before I die,
I want Cream to marry a decent man.
If there is another choice, believe me,
I won't do this.
Okay.
Now, if I say yes, what's in it for me?
It's only good for you.
I don't care about your condition.
Wait a minute.
This is my savings
for the last couple of years.
At first, I wanted
to give this all to Cream.
But after I learned that Armand could
support her more than enough,
I thought this might be
more useful for you.
It's not much.
But that's all I have.
Okay.
Thank you!
On one condition.
What's that?
I want you to be the subject
of my next photo exhibit.
Why me?
The theme is death and destruction.
I wanted to take photos and interview
people on the brink of death,
like you.
-Hey, that's not right!
-That's okay.
Anything for Cream.
How could you not tell me this?
Well, I didn't want you
to worry like this.
What do you mean, K?
Am I not your friend?
You're my best friend.
Why don't you just come clean with Cream?
Are you sure this is what she wants?
I want someone to take care of her
after I'm gone, Yan.
You love her that much.
Does she know
how you feel?
She doesn't need to know.
The important thing is, I know.
Thank you for bringing some food
at this late hour.
Well, you mentioned
you always come home late
and you live alone.
Who will prepare your dinner then?
In my whole life,
no one has ever cared about me like this.
I'm different, you know.
That's true.
Let's break this off.
We don't need to think
about a wedding anymore.
Because of the photos?
I've realized that
we've been together since high school,
but a lot has changed.
I was selfish.
I even forced you into marriage.
I've also just realized that
the truth is…
I need to be loved.
After meeting someone
who always shares
what's on her mind with me,
for the first time in my life,
I feel like
someone actually cares about me.
It's good then.
You've found the love of your life.
I didn't really want to marry you.
For being with me all this time.
Do you often volunteer here?
Yeah, since high school.
If you like dogs so much,
why don't you just get one
instead of volunteering here?
Pets are not allowed in my apartment.
A shelter like this always needs
volunteers and financial support.
Do you want to donate?
Yeah, well.
The movie we saw was great.
Why did you suddenly take me to a movie?
Yeah, I wanted to see you.
You miss me that much, huh?
I ended things with Vero.
Because I realized that
I love you.
Would you be my girlfriend?
I'm officially dating Armand.
Hello? Yes?
My battery is running low.
I'll call you back.
K, can I borrow yours?
Hey, don't you understand privacy?
I'm waiting for a call.
I'm only borrowing it for a while.
I'm heading there now.
Who was it?
I'll be home late.
You don't need to wait for me.
I'll bring my keys.
I couldn't believe
there's someone as stupid as you.
Why?
You don't like what I said?
You are an idiot!
If you like Cream,
why don't you just tell her
that you love her?
Just say, "Hey, I love you."
Yet here you are, troubling yourself
to find a guy to marry her.
People say love is complicated,
but it's really not.
Only idiots like you make it complicated.
-I'm not an idiot.
-Yes, you're an idiot!
Why not just say to her?
-It's not that easy!
-Why not?
All you have to do is say what you feel.
What's so hard about that?
-I can't.
-Why not?
Because I'm dying.
Why would I tell her?
To make myself feel at ease?
Love isn't selfish.
True love
doesn't think only of itself.
She taught me that.
When I'm all alone,
Cream is always there.
When I feel down,
she always believes in me.
My dream has always been
to live a happy life with Cream.
To marry her,
to grow old with her.
But in reality…
I have to wake up from that dream
and do what's best for her.
I'M SORRY FOR BEING RUDE EARLIER
BY GRABBING YOUR PHONE
BUT I'M ALSO MAD AT YOU.
WHY ARE YOU BEING SO OVERLY DRAMATIC?
SORRY FOR BEING MAD EARLIER, CREAM.
WHY AREN'T YOU ASLEEP AT THIS HOUR?
WAITING FOR YOU
I'M HUNGRY…
I TOLD YOU, YOU DON'T HAVE TO WAIT UP.
COME OUT. I'LL MAKE YOU SOME SPAGHETTI.
THANKS FOR THE SPAGHETTI
YOU'RE WELCOME.
SORRY I YELLED AT YOU EARLIER.
ARE YOU STILL UPSET?
YES. WHAT IS WITH YOU LATELY?
I'M FINE, JUST A BIT TIRED. THAT'S ALL.
AGAIN, I'M SORRY.
STOP BEING UPSET, PLEASE?
-For next time…
-We can do that.
Sorry, we're late.
Let me introduce to you, this is Armand.
-Hello, everyone!
-Hello.
Armand, this is K.
-We finally meet, K.
-Yeah.
Cream talks about you all the time.
Well, Cream also talks about you
all the time.
Thank you, K,
for taking such good care
of Cream all this time.
We all know she doesn't have anyone else.
That's why she has you now, right?
Please take good care of her
and make her happy.
Yeah, sure.
I promise.
Hello. Hi, Monica. How are you?
-Aldy.
-Armand.
-Hello. Sekar.
-Yandy.
-Armand.
Sorry, everyone, for being late.
Well, the usual. Jakarta's traffic is bad.
That's okay,
we just ordered drinks as well.
Aldy, I used to go to school with Armand.
Really?
I heard you are a singer now?
Yes, I just released my latest single
and the one who wrote the lyrics is Cream.
-Really?
-You don't know, right?
You haven't heard the song yet?
I'll let you listen to it later.
Sorry, I think there's something
I need to do at the office.
-K, let me drive you.
-No need.
Hey, that's not cool, man!
We're having fun.
Next time, you guys go ahead.
Don't think about me.
Everyone, Armand, Cream. I'm leaving.
Okay then.
Let's just eat.
I will order.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
I'm just feeling under the weather.
I'm not going to the office today.
I'll see Dr. Joko later.
Do you want me to accompany you?
No need.
I don't want to bother you.
What's the matter, Cream?
Do you love me?
Very much.
You were supposed to marry Vero
in three months, right?
Before it got canceled.
You had everything
prepared anyway, didn't you?
Let's just get married.
I have never met anyone like you, Cream.
Time flies.
Next month, in October,
you two are getting married.
I know you are very close with Cream.
You're practically family.
But may I request that
after we get married,
could you see a little less of her?
It's just that, well…
I need more time alone with her.
To get to know her better.
Don't worry.
I know my place.
I'm happy to see you guys happy.
-I'm sorry, it's just…
-It's okay.
I understand.
Another thing.
Cream said that she wants to pick
her wedding gown with you, K.
Is that okay with you?
I already agreed to it.
Besides, they say it's bad luck
for the groom to see the wedding gown
before the wedding.
Could you help her?
Here's the coffee.
The coffee smells really good.
Really?
Really good.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
How is it?
Isn't it beautiful?
Which one is better?
I don't know. It's hard to choose.
You look beautiful in anything.
What do you think, ma'am?
Well, it's tough.
It needs to match the groom's suit.
Why don't you try on the suit, sir?
So we can see if they match
when paired together.
Sorry, but I'm not the groom.
That's okay, K. Just try it on.
Just for comparison.
You're here to help me find
the best wedding gown, aren't you?
Okay.
Wow, you look very handsome!
I think this is good enough,
I'll just get changed now.
Wait a minute!
Let's take a picture.
Come here.
Ma'am, could you please take
a picture of us?
-Sure.
-Just click this button.
Okay.
Let me take a look first.
Handsome.
Yes, you are.
One, two, three.
Thank you, ma'am.
Do you want to try on another?
Sure.
-K, you wait here first.
-Yeah.
I'll get changed.
K, let's take another picture!
Where did you go?
Why did you leave me alone?
There was an announcer
who suddenly couldn't go on air,
so I had to fill in.
Here, eat first.
I made some noodles for you.
But it's probably not as tasty
as the ones you usually make.
Your future husband is a lucky man.
Can you help me
rehearse the wedding ceremony?
What for?
I'm nervous, you know.
You only have to say "I do."
How about the ring exchange part?
You just need to exchange them.
It's easy.
I don't care. I want to practice.
Okay.
Clarissa…
Wait a minute.
Clarissa.
Do you take this man
to be your lawfully wedded husband,
to love and cherish,
in sickness and in health,
until death do you part?
I do.
In the name of Jesus Christ,
I pronounce you husband and wife.
Is that the usual closing statement
from a priest at a wedding ceremony?
Okay, that's enough for now.
Let's take a picture!
After K passed away,
we found Cream's diary in her room.
So? What happens next?
I already know
from the beginning.
Wid!
Wait a minute, Wid.
-Wid.
-I don't really understand.
You said my mom was fine.
To be honest, Wid,
your mom's hepatitis is actually curable.
But what I didn't take
into consideration is that
she didn't will her body
to fight the illness.
It's as though she wanted to die,
just so she could be with your dad.
So, my mom…
chose to leave rather than be with me?
You can't say that, Wid.
Maybe your mom
couldn't control her emotions.
I never thought
a person could die from sadness.
The power of love is truly unbelievable.
You are now alone.
You need to take good care of yourself.
You have cancer in your genes.
You need to have regular checkups with me.
Ever since that day,
I knew we were destined to be together.
We became orphans at the same time.
I didn't know which was more painful.
Losing my family in a sudden accident,
or K,
who had to watch his dad fight
a long battle with cancer,
then lose his mom
to illness just a month later.
I was sure I'd live with K forever.
He never said he loved me.
But sometimes,
love doesn't need to be spoken.
It needs to be felt.
A rookie dared to criticize my lyrics!
I don't know Gen Z's taste?
I'll write the most Gen Z lyrics.
K, I'm borrowing your comic books
for inspiration.
Until the day
that changed everything.
These are cancer medications
and painkillers.
People on this combination of medications
are usually in the last stage of cancer.
They can't be helped
by chemotherapy anymore.
Don't leave me!
Don't leave me alone!
I didn't know what to do.
K was secretly hiding his illness.
He must've had his reasons.
You're going to experience
blackouts like this more frequently.
You need to be more careful.
Don't forget to take your medication.
But…
I thought you said I have a year?
Are you sure?
Aren't you going to tell her?
Be upfront about your condition.
I can't.
She has been an orphan since high school.
She doesn't have anyone else.
What if
something bad happens to you?
Then what?
I've thought about that.
Someone has to take care of her
after I'm gone.
Turns out,
that was the reason
K kept his illness a secret from me.
What happened to you, K?
I'm fine. It's just anemia.
That night, I tried
to make him open up to me.
Then, maybe
we could be together
before he passed away.
What's your biggest wish in life?
I want you to meet a decent man,
get married…
and live happily ever after.
It turned out that was part of his plan.
In his last days,
he wanted someone to take care of me.
I think I found it.
The perfect candidate as you said.
Cancer can spread more rapidly
when someone is under stress.
That's why I went along with his plans
so he could feel at ease.
Who is it?
He's a dentist.
And I had hoped that
his cancer would not get any worse.
At first, I wanted to make K jealous,
but the truth is
his mind is set.
That night, I only thought about K.
I was so sad,
thinking why can't I be with him?
How could fate be so cruel?
Why does everyone I love
have to leave me behind?
Armand, it seems like
I have to go now too.
I just remembered
I have some work to finish tonight
for tomorrow's recording.
Can't you do it later?
I'm afraid I won't finish it in time.
It's okay, you can stay
and keep them company here.
Everyone, I have to go now.
That night, I was so worried
about K's condition.
That night, I made up my mind.
If K ever turned around,
and saw me standing there,
I would run to him and hug him.
Then I would tell him everything
and he doesn't need
to worry about me anymore.
But that night,
he never turned around.
I knew he didn't have much time.
I had to fulfill his wish
as quickly as I could.
Let's get married.
Do you want to try on another?
Sure.
K, you wait here first.
I'll get changed.
We were truly married
in front of God and the universe.
No one needs to know.
Only we do.
I truly wished K would kiss me,
but I knew
he wasn't that kind of man.
That's enough for now.
And this is our wedding picture.
That day,
I was hoping K would be the one
waiting at the altar,
not the one walking me down
the aisle to marry another man.
You don't have to worry, K.
From the beginning,
it's always been just the two of us.
Now…
and forever.
And forever.
I'm scared.
I'm scared, Cream.
I don't want to leave you.
I don't want to die.
I really don't want to die.
Now, we can stay together here.
No more secrets.
And we were already married.
Forever.
Clarissa.
Thank you.
Thank you for everything, K.
Oh, God.
I want to record their song, may I?
Absolutely.
They'll be proud to have their song
sung by you, Ms. Ocha.
But what about
the fees, rights, and royalties?
How about all that?
Just donate it.
K and Cream have always volunteered
at an animal shelter nearby.
I'm sure they'd be happy
to have the earnings
from their song go toward supporting it.
Okay.
Thank you, Ms. Ocha.
This song is for you
And for the deceived heart
You said that the world
Is fine
And so I am fine too
I just wish this hurt
Will subside
As I slowly forget
Your voice
When I was
Fine
This song is about you
I once told K that he is an idiot.
Love shouldn't be that complicated.
He should've just told Cream
how he really felt.
But it turns out I was the idiot.
I didn't understand the meaning of love.
Love needs sacrifice.
The truth is,
the biggest happiness for K is
to see Cream happy.
And Cream
was willing to do anything
to make him happy
and peaceful before he died.
How would an idiot like me
understand this kind of love?
Then I will be fine
I just wish that this hurt
Will subside
Forever.
When I was
Fine
Now, these lyrics fit.
You try and sing it.
Why me?
Yeah, you.
But I'm not a good singer.
It's okay. It's just a demo.
This is our song now.
Later, people will remember us
every time they hear it.
One day,
someone will hear our song
and remember that there was
someone named K and Cream.
I'll record now.
One, two…
This song is for you
And for the deceived heart
You said that the world is
Fine
Yeah.
Then I will be fine too
I just wish that this hurt
Will subside
As I slowly forget
Your voice
When I was
Fine
-It's good.
-Now it's your turn.
-No way, K!
-Come on.
Together?
And now we're fine
I just wish that this hurt
Will subside
As I slowly forget
Your voice
When I was
Fine
-That's why I've told you
-But…
-to just write the lyrics.
-Listen to me.
When